[Kiesha]
Previously on The Chi...
People are starting
to ask questions.
I think we should
just let them speculate.
You don't want folks to start
pointing the finger at you.
[Tiff] If anybody asks.
just say you the one
that kill Nuck.
[Bakari]
I'm not saying that shit.
-You don't have a choice.
-I always have a choice.
Not if it means
saving your own life.
-[Kiesha] Where's Nuck?
-[Bakari] You talked to Tiff.
I did. Now tell me the truth.
I killed him.
[Emmett] Why did Bakari
tell Kiesha he killed Nuck?
Bakari didn't tell Tiff
that Nuck killed Rob.
and this is payback.
-I gotta tell Kiesha.
-Tell your future wife
your ex-wife killed the father
of her child.
-you're gonna have a problem.
-Fuck.
You bought that house
for you and Jada.
I can't walk in there
without breaking down.
Maybe you could help out
a family that's in need.
[Victor] But we really
about to sit up here
and act like everything's fine?
The past is the past. Trig.
You can't keep blaming me
for everything.
You had kids with no intention
of raising them.
Boy. it's time
to get over that shit.
You don't tell me how to grieve.
What you grieving?
The life I could have had!
♪ Tense music ♪
♪♪♪
Where's Nuck?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I don't know where he at.
Did something happen to him?
You can tell me now.
or I can find out for myself.
♪♪♪
You make me work for it.
I won't be happy
when I get back.
Somebody took him out.
Was it you?
You can either confess. or I
can come back with a warrant.
Go ask his girl.
And who is that?
Tiff.
[distant sirens wailing]
♪ Dramatic jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ soft jazzy music ♪
How you feeling?
How you think?
I'm sorry about Nuck.
Me too.
I don't want this to be
a cloud over our wedding.
It will be.
[Emmett] Can you at least
try to have some fun
at your bachelorette party?
I'm not in the mood.
What can I do?
Nothing.
I know he's gone...
but we're not.
We have to keep living.
I can't just move on
like this never happened.
I'm not asking you to.
I'm just asking you
to find space for joy.
I hear you.
Enjoy yourself today.
I'll try.
You know.
get fucked up if you want to.
You know I'm not
that kind of girl.
I know.
That's why I'm marrying you.
Oh. that's why?
I'm marrying you 'cause
you're the love of my life.
Mm-hmm.
-I better be.
-Mm-hmm.
[laughs]
♪♪♪
So you're just not
gonna say nothing?
What's there to be said?
[Tiff] You're clearly
pissed about something.
I don't want you
working with Reg.
What you and your brother
got going on
ain't got nothing to do with me.
You love a toxic nigga.
You need to respect me.
-Respect has to be earned.
-I'm your boss.
I thought we were friends.
So your ego can't take
a woman being in charge?
No. you want me to be
something I'm not.
I just want you to protect me.
I cannot protect you from Reg.
I'm not scared of him.
♪♪♪
[Shaad] What's up. fellas?
Where's Riley?
Oh. she asked me
to sit in. you know.
keep y'all in line.
So what does she usually have
y'all doing here all day?
Stay off our phones.
[Shaad] Oh. That's a good thing.
It's torture.
I feel like I'm in jail.
Imagine only getting
to see your family
once a week for an hour.
That's jail.
Y'all good with that?
[both] No.
Why you go to jail?
First time was for stealing.
My dad got locked up
for something he ain't even do.
That's most of us.
What'd you steal?
[Shaad] I ain't trying to get
into all that. okay?
At least you wasn't
selling drugs.
I can't judge those who do.
My dad do that.
[Mondo] I'm sure he don't
want you telling folks.
Shit. everybody know.
You gonna be like your daddy?
I don't know.
Hey. Hey.
Be better than us.
Look. sometimes we may not
set the best example
'cause we gotta hustle
to survive.
I just know I wanna make
a lot of money.
[Shaad] Money won't save you.
Matter of fact.
sometimes having too much money
can get you killed.
You want us to be broke?
I want y'all to be safe.
Next time I see y'all. have
some shorts on so we can hoop.
Your old ass can't ball.
-Who you calling old?
-You.
Okay. next time I see y'all.
just be ready to play.
-Bet.
-All right?
Yeah. especially you.
'cause you keep talking.
I'll see y'all then. [chuckles]
♪ It should be easy ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Why be in this for love... ♪
Who you texting?
My sister.
About what?
None of your business.
If it's pulling your attention.
it is my business.
-We're working together.
-On what?
Damn. what is this. First 48?
My last girl kept secrets.
That's why we're not
together no more.
Oh. I thought y'all weren't
together no more
because she got back
with her baby dad.
That's part of it.
[sighs]
Emmett's franchising Smokey's.
and they want me to help
with the new locations.
Why you ain't tell me?
[Angie] I didn't know I had to.
We together. right?
Yeah. but that don't mean
I have to tell you everything.
I don't know
if I want you working.
You don't have a choice.
I thought you liked to be kept.
I do. but niggas ain't making
money the way they used to.
I'm making money.
Not enough
for the lifestyle I want.
-I can make more.
-I'm good.
So you don't need me?
I didn't say that.
What you saying?
I'm saying if you start
making enough money
for the both of us.
I won't have to work.
♪ Let's make it easy ♪
♪ You said it should be hard ♪
♪ I said
it should be easy. then ♪
♪ Then it's easy ♪
♪ You said it should be hard ♪
♪ I said
it should be easy. then ♪
Why you so quiet?
I'm not.
You haven't said a word
since we've been home.
[Reg] I'm just in my head.
About what?
Why you asking
so many questions?
This is what it is
to be in a relationship?
This is why I don't like
being with one bitch.
You cheating on me?
No.
Then what's going on with you?
I miss my brothers.
Oh.
[sighs]
I just don't want us
to hate each other.
Well. do you wanna call them?
No.
Why not?
'Cause I know
they don't fuck with me.
Well. can you see why?
I can. but I am who I am.
They can take it or leave it.
Well. if you're not
willing to change.
you can't be mad
when people leave you.
But we blood.
-That's all that matters.
-Blood is not enough.
You gotta show up different
if you want people
to see you differently.
I hate this shit.
What? Growth?
Just emotions
and talking and shit.
It's called being an adult.
I don't like it.
Well. neither do I.
But you can either switch it up
or keep doing the same shit.
It's your choice.
♪ Somber music
♪♪♪
[Anthony] I still feel fucked up
about this whole situation. man.
[Kirby]
Just worry about yourself.
We just gotta get out of here.
Come on.
[Anthony] This is it. man.
This is it.
[Kirby] All we gotta do. boy.
is make it to Mexico.
We'll be fine.
We'll get us a villa. see?
[Britney] So you a snitch now?
I couldn't take the fall
for some shit I didn't do.
But that's what you
agreed to do.
I want my freedom.
What's the point of being free
if she kills you?
She ain't gonna kill me.
I'm sure that's what
your boy Nuck thought too.
I'll be fine.
What if she come find you?
I'll just make sure
Lynae know what to do.
Don't bring her into this.
[sighs]
♪ Curtis Mayfield's "Right on
for the Darkness" playing ♪
I just need her
to know the truth.
She knows enough.
♪♪♪
[sighs]
♪ Making up the rules ♪
♪ Holdin' back the schools ♪
♪ Lot of greed...
I'm tired of running.
♪ Proves one thing.
we're a hell of a nation ♪
Me too.
♪ Right on for the darkness ♪
♪ Right on. right on ♪
♪♪♪
[laughter]
Oh. I can't believe this day
has finally come.
Yeah. took us long enough.
No more cheating.
No more secrets.
Everybody got secrets.
Yeah. we all do.
[Darnell] Not me.
Y'all know all my business.
I didn't even know
about Damien until last year.
Well. see. that was
just me being forgetful.
-There's a difference.
-Ah!
Hey. let's make sure
this one lasts.
Yeah. 'cause we can't have
no more baby mamas.
-[laughter]
-Yes.
This is it. Trust me.
Hey. I feel the same way
about Patience.
-[Emmett] Ah. shit.
-[Victor] I'm proud of y'all.
Hey. Vic. when you
gonna settle down. huh?
I'm ready to settle down.
I just don't know with who yet.
[Darnell] Hey. well. hurry up.
I'm old and boring.
I gotta live vicariously
through y'all.
I'm about to be
old and boring too.
Ain't nothing wrong
with being boring.
I know.
I look forward to finding
somebody I can be bored with.
[Shaad] Yeah. well.
you need to figure it out.
'cause you're
getting old. buddy.
[laughter]
You're older than me.
Hey. man.
only by a couple years.
Yeah. I'm older
than all you fools.
and I still look good.
Ah. You look a'ight.
I think the word you're
looking for is "thank you."
[laughter]
You and Tiff gonna be a'ight?
Yeah. we good.
I mean. I moved on.
So has she.
[Darnell] Hey. whatever
happened with Nuck anyway?
I ain't seen him
since y'all got engaged.
[Shaad] Probably still
in his feelings about it.
Yeah. well. no man likes it
when his baby mama's
'bout to marry another man.
They usually don't
like that either.
Bow.
[laughs]
Bring it here. Bring it here.
Come home to Daddy.
I need a drink.
[Darnell] Mm-hmm. [laughs]
Just do the same thing.
-[Darnell] Mm.
-[Shaad] Cheers.
-[Darnell] Cheers.
-You good?
If you don't tell Kiesha
the truth about Nuck. I will.
Hey. just wait
till after the wedding.
I don't want
no secrets between us
before we get married.
Are you trying to blow
your own shit up?
I wanna be honest.
Rob didn't deserve to die.
What Nuck did was fucked up.
but neither did he.
Let her just believe
Bakari did it. bro.
That's not cool.
He agreed to it.
Yeah. 'cause he's scared.
[Victor] It wasn't my decision.
Tiff really running you now.
[Victor]
She ain't running nobody.
-I can't tell.
-[Victor scoffs]
Let's just get through
the wedding. please?
♪ R&B music ♪
[indistinct singing]
♪♪♪
Tonight is all about
self-care and relaxation.
As maid of honor.
I'm your host for the evening.
and I'm here to fulfill
all your soft life needs.
[Shawnita] Ooh! [laughs]
I'm here for it.
Me too.
Before we get started. Kiesha.
you wanna say anything?
Just thank y'all for being here.
for supporting me through
this happy but difficult time.
We got you.
Here's to Kiesha
finding her true love.
To true love.
[all cheering]
[Suede] Ladies. if you please.
you can follow me.
Suede?
It's good to see you again.
Kiesha.
♪ Soft R&B music ♪
Oh. you couldn't get
a lady masseuse for me?
I forgot.
Y'all straights
stay forgetting about us.
♪ I fantasize ♪
♪ Of what it could be like ♪
♪ So let's make it reality
tonight ♪
♪ What you gonna do when you
get your hands on me ♪
♪ My mind is wandering ♪
♪ I just wanna show you
the other side of me ♪
♪ I know you been wondering ♪
♪ What you gonna do when you
get your hands on me ♪
♪ My mind is wandering ♪
♪ I just wanna show you
the other side of me ♪
♪ I know you been wondering ♪
♪ Can't keep mind ♪
♪ From wandering ♪
♪ I need you ♪
♪ I want you ♪
Since our groom
is a reformed man now.
instead of having strippers.
I decided on a sexy magician.
-What?
-[Darnell chuckles]
Now. she's known for doing
cool tricks and...
making shit disappear.
-All right.
-Aw. shit.
Fellas. let me
introduce you to the one.
the only Magic Trick.
Well. hold on.
let me get on over here. boy.
[laughs]
♪ Leon Thomas & Freddie Gibbs'
"MUTT [REMIX]" playing ♪
♪ She said take your time ♪
♪ What's the rush ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I said. baby. I'm a dog ♪
♪ I'm a mutt ♪
♪ She said. take your time ♪
♪ What's the rush ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I said. baby. I'm a dog ♪
♪ I'm a mutt ♪
♪ I'm a dog ♪
♪ I can't smoke on Reggie.
so pardon my bluntness ♪
♪ I see past pretty faces ♪
♪ So I got trouble trusting
♪ But I'll let my guard down
for you ♪
♪ Said I'll put my guard
down for you ♪
♪ Said I'll be vulnerable ♪
♪ So you can break my heart
if you want to ♪
♪ She said. take your time ♪
♪ What's the rush ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I said. baby. I'm a dog ♪
♪ I'm a mutt ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ She said. take your time ♪
♪ What's the rush ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I said. baby. I'm a dog ♪
♪ I'm a mutt ♪
♪ I'm a dog ♪
♪ New crib.
told her come through ♪
♪ It's time to break it in ♪
♪ Thirty-two
like my pants size ♪
♪ 'Cause a nigga
tried breaking in ♪
Abracadabra. nigga.
♪ New condo. say your name
at the front ♪
♪ You can stay if you want ♪
♪ It's been
one of those nights ♪
♪ One of those nights
I ain't had in a minute ♪
♪ It's been a minute ♪
♪ Had to pop a shroom
to re-create the feeling ♪
♪ Ooh. yeah ♪
♪ But it's never the same
as the first time we did it ♪
♪ First time we did it ♪
♪ But I'll let my guard
down for you ♪
♪ Said I'll put
my guard down... ♪
Facedown on the table. now.
[gasps]
♪ She said. take your time ♪
♪ What's the rush ♪
[all cheering]
♪ I said. baby. I'm a dog ♪
♪ I'm a mutt ♪
How you do that?
♪ She said. take your time ♪
♪ What's the rush ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ TheARTI$T's "Ghost" playing ♪
You having fun?
I am.
[Tiff] Good.
That's what I wanna hear.
How you doing?
♪♪♪
♪ I close my eyes.
I see images... ♪
I'm fine.
You don't have
to pretend for me.
There's a lot going on.
I know.
But I am enjoying my party.
♪ No calls. no text.
no signs. no trace... ♪
Then that's all that matters.
Thank you for doing all this.
especially
with everything going on.
I got you.
♪ Shadows of your silhouette.
they still confront me ♪
♪ Why am I scared ♪
♪ Where you even there
♪ Hate it didn't last
that long ♪
♪ Up and down
[all cheering]
♪ You were just here
♪ Now you're gone. gone ♪
Okay. if Charles proposed.
I don't know if I would say yes.
Why not?
I love him.
but marriage scares me.
Well. if it's not
an open marriage.
I'm not doing it.
That shit don't always work.
I'm open to an open marriage.
but just dealing with one
person is already a lot.
[Zuri]
I'm just not that traditional.
I know too many women
that got babies
but no engagement ring.
But having babies
and getting married
ain't all there is to life.
See. this is why
I'm childless by choice.
I want nine kids.
Oh!
You wanna borrow some of mine?
[Shawnita] I'll babysit.
Me and Zuri
can start a business.
I have more
than enough children.
Mm-hmm. I'm one and done.
[Kiesha] Yeah. being a good
partner and a good parent
is exhausting.
Hence why I don't want
all that responsibility.
That's why I love
being by myself.
But I don't wanna be alone
forever.
I like being alone.
and I like being partnered.
I go back and forth.
Both have pros and cons.
I miss being partnered.
I bet you do.
[laughter]
Every time I try to be single.
niggas start popping up.
First it was Smitty.
Now it's my baby dad.
I'm dating Smitty.
Make sure he don't smack you.
Well. if he did. then
we'll just take his ass out.
Ain't nothing wrong with
taking a nigga out sometimes.
♪♪♪
[Riley] All right.
Well. I think it's time
for some of my world-famous
sweet potato pie.
♪♪♪
-[Shaad] Whoo!
-[laughs]
-Boy.
-Yeah.
Sounds like you and Patience
are getting serious.
We are.
Y'all about
to start cohabitating?
I'm still at Vic's
old spot with Jake.
-and she lives with her son.
-[chuckles]
Yeah. how's that working out?
Well. I'd like for all of us
to be up under the same roof.
So you looking
for a place to live?
After my last bid. my funds
are running kind of low.
and I just wanna save the money
that Tiff gave us. you know?
Yeah. Yeah. that's smart.
Hey. how are you
and Riley doing?
[chuckles] Man. really good.
Mm.
I mean. I never thought
I'd be with someone so soon.
but she really gets where I'm at
and what I'm going through.
so...
Yeah. I heard about her husband.
[Darnell] Yeah.
At first. I thought
we were both just.
you know.
trying to fill a void. but...
[Shaad] Mm-hmm.
Now I know it's more than that.
-I'm happy for you. big dog.
-[chuckles]
-Hey. I'm happy for you.
-Naw.
Has anybody seen my watch?
If I had one wish. I would want
any man I date to be cool
with me having
a girlfriend on the side.
Oh. shit.
I just like masculine
and feminine energy.
You just wanna be like me.
No. I still want some dick
every now and then.
I know that's right.
Studs can provide that as well.
Yes. they can.
What you know about it?
Look. I don't discriminate.
Sexuality is fluid.
Not for everyone.
[Amaya]
Well. I'm open to exploring.
Really?
I wanna get ate out by a bitch
at least one time
-before I die.
-[laughter]
It's a good time.
[all yelling]
Hold on. wait.
you been with a woman before?
Why do you find that
so hard to believe?
[Kiesha]
I just didn't think you was...
You don't know what anyone
has explored. okay?
That's why we got to all
live and let live.
[laughter]
That's real.
I never tried it.
I'm not against it. though.
I'm sure Emmett wouldn't mind
you trying it.
Mm. not with a stud. though.
Mm-mm. niggas don't like
when studs
get too close to their women.
Tell me about it.
I just don't get when two studs
date each other.
Let studs be free.
[laughter]
But who's the girl
and who the boy?
-[Isis] Mm-mm.
-[Zuri] Don't be simple.
What?
I'm just asking a question.
Look. gay sex is all about
coming multiple times.
We don't do all that basic shit.
[laughter]
Okay. let's do another one.
Moving on.
Man. Kiesha gonna kill me.
Mm!
[Victor]
You sure you had the watch on
when you got here?
I'm positive.
I checked the time
right before...
Right before what?
Wait.
Didn't you say
you knew old girl?
-[Darnell] Magic Trick?
-Yeah.
Man. I don't know her know her.
but I... know her.
How you know her?
[Darnell] Online.
You mean like social media?
Yeah. I mean.
something like that.
What's something like that?
Instagram.
-[Shaad] Oh. hell naw.
-[Emmett] Damn. Pop.
You booked a sexy magician
off IG?
Yeah.
Well. she slipped into my DMs.
I bet she did.
[Darnell]
I'm-I'm-I'm sorry. son.
How am I gonna explain this
to Kiesha?
Well. just tell her
it was my fault.
She gonna be mad as shit.
[Darnell] Don't worry.
I'ma-I'ma find Magic Trick
and get your watch back.
Mm.
♪ Playful music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Destroyed ♪
♪ All of my confidence ♪
♪ I couldn't see
and I didn't know ♪
♪ How much I hated ♪
♪ Every step of the way ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ There's no L-I-L. oh ♪
♪ With any move I make... ♪
I never thought the day
would come when I would be
throwing you
a bachelorette party.
There were times I was
really jealous of you
because of how Emmett
loved you in a way
that he could never love me.
But then I realized
he wasn't meant for me.
He was meant for you.
and you were meant for him.
I know it didn't work between us
because y'all needed each other.
and baby Jada needed to be
in this world.
♪ Now I can look myself
in the mirror... ♪
I'm grateful for your love.
and I'm grateful for your grace.
And I'm so grateful
you took in my son
when I couldn't give him
what he needed.
You always been a real one.
♪ And all that really matters
is how I see myself... ♪
And I'm happy we can
give you your flowers.
Yes.
Thank you. Tiff.
for really showing up.
-Tiff!
[all chattering]
We've been through
so much together.
Yeah.
You're like a sister to me.
I never thought we would
be here. but here we are.
I'm grateful to have someone
in my life I know I can trust.
♪ I found myself... ♪
[all] Aw!
-To the bride.
-[all] To the bride!
♪ Oh. oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I found ♪
♪ I found myself ♪
[Shaad] I hope Emmett
gets his watch back.
Me too. [laughs]
You good?
[Victor] Yeah.
You sure?
Just got a lot going on.
[Shaad] I know.
Ready for this wedding
to be over.
Why?
So Emmett will be less stressed.
Mm.
-I hope so.
-[Victor] Yeah.
♪ Soft music
♪♪♪
♪ romantic music ♪
Where's your watch?
Uh...
it's...
Don't tell me you lost it.
It's vintage.
There was a sexy magician
at the bachelor party.
A what?
My dad found her on IG.
What does this have to do
with your watch?
I think she stole it.
What do you mean
you think she stole it?
I'm pretty sure she did.
Where's she at?
I don't know.
My dad tried to find
her account.
but it's deactivated.
I can't believe you.
I'm sorry.
Damn it. Emmett.
I know.
How would you feel if I lost
your mother's ring?
I'd be pissed.
Exactly.
I said I was sorry.
[sighs]
Is there anything else
you need to tell me?
♪ Tense jazzy music ♪
No.
♪♪♪
[phone buzzing]
Hello.
[person] Is this Victor Taylor?
This is he.
[person] Mr. Taylor...
[speaking indistinctly]
Fuck.
Okay. I'll be right there.
[Tiff] What's going on?
They found my mom in a hotel.
She overdosed.
[Tiff] Oh. my God.
♪ Somber music ♪
I'm so sorry.
I gotta go identify the body.
♪♪♪
[phone buzzing]
♪ hip-hop music ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Whoa -♪ Real ♪
♪ Started at the bottom.
so you know ♪
♪ It's only up from here ♪
♪ Proof of thought.
I just hope ♪
♪ You brought
enough Tupperware ♪
♪ Try and take my spot.
better come prepared ♪
♪ This is upper tier.
shining like a bubbly clear ♪
♪ That's what they want.
double dare ♪
♪ Why is that ♪
♪ They selling something
they can't buy back ♪
♪ I never stopped.
took over blocks ♪
♪ With this mind craft ♪
♪ They'll never knock me
off of my path ♪
♪ Too much trouble. a stunt
double wouldn't try that ♪
♪ And I hope
they're keeping score ♪
♪ 'Cause they
'bout to see me more ♪
♪ I'd talk to my competition
but don't got a Ouija board ♪
♪ The best
they done seen before ♪
♪ They rocking like CB4 ♪
♪ Tell them to please report
♪ 'Cause I'm 'bout
to teach them more ♪
♪ They know
that I'm God blessed ♪
♪ They're taking
the hard steps ♪
♪ They're yelling out.
got next ♪
♪ My run is a hard flex ♪
♪ But see. they don't want me
in the game ♪
♪ 'Cause they know
that my shot's death ♪
♪ But the dog in me is showing ♪
♪ My dreams
are not far-fetched ♪
♪ Now I'm coming ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Whoa ♪
What we gonna do?
We gonna pay our respects
and bury her the right way.
Nah. man. I mean what we
gonna do without our mama?
♪ Somber music ♪
♪♪♪
I don't know.
I wish we could've said goodbye.
♪♪♪
I wish she knew
how much we loved her.
She knew.
You told Jake?
♪♪♪
[Victor] Nah.
I was thinking
we'd tell him together.
I can't do it.
[Victor] We have to.
You do it.
I need you to be a man
right now.
I'm more of a man than you.
Waving a gun around
don't make you a man.
♪♪♪
I can't tell him.
I'll tell him.
Just need you to be there.
He don't want me around.
Neither do you.
Then maybe it's time to be
somebody we wanna be around.
♪♪♪
[distant siren wailing]
Oh!
Ooh! [sighs]
I think I wanna give Shaad
the house.
Oh. my gosh.
Oh. that would be amazing.
Yeah.
I want that house to always
be filled with love. you know?
Mm-hmm. and if Patience
and her son
-move in with him...
-Mm.
It will be.
Shoot. I never knew
he was so good with kids.
What?
-The boys love him.
-Mm.
Especially Mondo.
Yeah. I figured
he'd make a great dad
once he got his shit together.
I think he finally has.
[chuckles]
Yeah. well. a good woman
will make you
get your shit together.
Mm. is that right?
You know it is. [laughs]
Well. I'm proud of you
for giving that house
to someone who needs it.
Yeah. well. thank you
for helping me
come up with the idea.
-Well. thank you for listening.
-[laughs]
♪ jazzy music ♪
♪♪♪
What happened?
♪ Somber music
♪♪♪
She overdosed.
[Victor] It's nobody's fault.
Last time she was here.
you yelled at her.
Because I was angry.
And now she gone.
♪♪♪
She wanted us
to look after each other.
[sighs] I don't know if we can.
We have to.
♪♪♪
[Shaad] Hey. y'all have
a good one. hear?
Be safe out there.
All right.
Hey. good game. nephews.
You not that bad. Unc.
See you later.
All right. bet.
[laughter]
You are great with them.
-Ah. well. they're good kids.
-Mm-hmm.
You should consider
counseling here full-time.
-I mean. that would be nice.
-Mm-hmm.
There's a paid position open
if you interested.
Hell yeah. I'm with it.
Okay. now. it's not always
fun and games.
These boys have been
through some shit.
I'll put in the work.
-[Riley] Mm-hmm.
-They worth it.
[Riley] Yeah.
They sure are.
♪ We won't be satisfied ♪
Okay.
♪ Until we get it right ♪
♪ We drank the Kool-Aid.
and they sold us lies ♪
♪ We moving forward now
with open eyes ♪
♪ 'Cause we ain't satisfied
♪ Stay woke ♪
♪ Keep your hand to the sky... ♪
I'm sorry. bro.
♪ That's where
all the power lies... ♪
Yeah.
Me too.
♪ Gonna save us ♪
♪ So we gotta do this thing
together ♪
♪♪♪
♪ We'll be all right ♪
♪ Say it again ♪
♪ One day at a time ♪
♪ We won't be satisfied ♪
♪ Until we get it right ♪
♪ We drank the Kool-Aid.
and they sold us lies ♪
♪ Sold us lies ♪
♪ We moving forward now
with open eyes ♪
♪ 'Cause we ain't satisfied
♪ And we're marching on ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪♪♪
[Bakari] Jake's mom passed.
[Lynae] Oh. shit.
[Bakari] Let him tell you.
[sighs]
This is fucked up.
[Bakari] Britney wants me
to move to Atlanta with her.
I think we both should go.
You got a job out there?
[Bakari] No. but I'll find one.
Something legal.
Okay.
I'm game.
Bet.
[Lynae] I love you.
♪ Romantic music ♪
♪♪♪
All right.
-One herbal tea for you.
-Thank you.
And a little
something-something for me.
[chuckles]
I see why Mondo likes you.
Oh. he's definitely got
more personality than me.
He reminds me of my father.
You know. I'd like to meet
your father someday.
He's a lot.
Hey. I can handle it.
-[Patience] You say that now.
-[chuckles]
[clears throat]
I really want us to be a family.
[Patience] Hmm.
Are you sure
you're ready for that?
I think so.
You don't sound too sure.
Well...
I may be grown. but I still
got some growing to do.
A lot of us are still
raising ourselves.
That's real. yeah.
I just want you to know...
that I'm here to stay.
That's a big commitment.
I know.
♪ Mellow R&B music ♪
♪♪♪
It's all there.
You can go.
I'm gone for good this time.
That's fine.
Really? That's it?
I don't give a fuck what you do.
[Bakari] Okay.
[sighs]
I'm sorry about your mother.
Stay safe. man.
♪ Somber music
I'll try.
♪♪♪
[sighs]
-[Toussaint] Where is he?
-[Tiff] I don't know.
[Toussaint] I don't believe you.
I don't care.
Was it self-defense?
I'm not talking to you
without a lawyer.
Then I suggest you find one.
♪♪♪
♪ tense music ♪
[sighs]
♪♪♪
I'm sorry for getting mad
about the watch.
I'm mad about it too.
[Kiesha] It's just a possession.
[sighs] A priceless one.
Nothing really belongs to us.
No. that watch belonged to me.
[both chuckle]
We shouldn't give
material things too much power.
You're really not mad it's gone?
I was. but I realized
you came clean about it.
You were gonna find out
about it eventually.
[Kiesha] Yeah. but the old you
would have tried to hide it.
I'll never be mad
when you're honest with me.
♪ Babyface's "Never Keeping
Secrets" playing ♪
♪♪♪
♪ I never meant to lie to you ♪
♪ But I needed me
an easy way out ♪
♪ I couldn't face
the truth with you ♪
♪ Because I didn't want
to lose my clout ♪
♪ I always have been
good to you ♪
♪ Girl. I promise you
that nothing has changed ♪
♪ Momentary insanity
must be the reason ♪
♪ Why I did you that way. babe ♪
♪ So now I'm telling
everybody that I ♪
♪ That I know I was a fool ♪
♪ To take a chance
of ever losing ♪
♪ And I can't take losing you ♪
♪ So I'm never keeping secrets ♪
♪ And I'm never telling lies ♪
♪ I wanna make it up to you ♪
♪ No. I'm never
keeping secrets ♪
♪ Girl. I swear
it's all behind ♪
♪ I wanna make it up to you ♪
♪ Never gonna tell ♪
♪ No. I'm never
keeping secrets ♪
♪ Girl. I swear
it's all behind ♪
♪ 'Cause I only wanna be
with you ♪
♪ So I'm never keeping secrets ♪
♪ And I'm never telling lies ♪
♪ I wanna make it up to you
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm